 have an innate ability to read people and situations, matched with strong initiative and a passion for results. I am a continuous learner at heart, and reading feeds my soul. I am motivated by helping others achieve their goals, and I’m driven to change the future of how we treat each other. 

BetterUp

4 yrs 2 mos

Head of Customer Operations

Full-time

Feb 2026 - Present · 1 mo

As Head of Customer Operations, I'm building and leading a new hybrid team of incredibly talented humans and AI agents transforming the operational workload of our customers and the GTM roles that serve them.  Sound exciting? Let's talk!… more

Regional Vice President, Customer Success & Renewals

Full-time

Feb 2025 - Feb 2026 · 1 yr 1 mo

Area Vice President, Global Accounts Customer Success

Full-time

Feb 2024 - Feb 2025 · 1 yr 1 mo

Global Accounts Customer Success Partner

Mar 2023 - Feb 2024 · 1 yr

I lea the end-to-end journey with our partners - from design through value and outcome storytelling. I reinforced BetterUp’s vision of transformation as a trusted advisor, and aligned BetterUp to our partners’ people strategies to maximize value and impact.… more

Thumbnail for WarnerMedia is building a resilient, change-ready coaching culture with BetterUp
Thumbnail for Google invests in mental fitness and professional coaching to drive peak performance and innovation
Thumbnail for Chevron is growing social connection and coaching culture with BetterUp
Thumbnail for U.S. Air Force and BetterUp partner to increase resilience, readiness, retention, & coaching culture
Enterprise Account Manager

Jan 2022 - Mar 2023 · 1 yr 3 mos

BetterUp is on a mission to help people everywhere pursue their lives with greater purpose, passion, and clarity. As the creator and leader of AI-enabled video coaching and positive behavior-based platforms, BetterUp has delivered personalized coaching and care across organizations big and small, resulting in improved performance and transformation at all levels.

Simply put, people, teams, and companies are more resilient, more productive, and less stressed with BetterUp (even in times like these). And we're just getting started.… more

Thumbnail for BetterUp: Mosaic of Coaches
Thumbnail for Adam Grant Answers, "Why BetterUp?"
EmpaThee Lane logo
Owner and Writer

EmpaThee Lane

Jun 2020 - Feb 2024 · 3 yrs 9 mos

I publish children's books that teach our youth empathy, how to understand their feelings and the feelings of others, and how to be kind through storytelling.

If we can help our children learn empathy and embed those behaviors at young ages, we have a real shot at changing the world and how we treat each other. 

Learn more here: www.empatheelane.com… more

Thumbnail for EmpaThee Lane
EmpaThee Lane

EmpaThee Lane publishes children's books that teach our youth empathy, how to understand their feelings and the feelings of others, and how to be kind through storytelling.

Globality, Inc. logo
Director of Customer Success

Globality, Inc.

Jan 2021 - Jan 2022 · 1 yr 1 mo

Globality uses AI technology to drive inclusive economies and create a level playing field that gives all service companies, regardless of size or location, an opportunity to compete and win work based on the merits of proven performance, expertise, and passion. As a Director of Customer Success, I focused on ensuring that my customers were getting the most value out of the Globality platform.… more

Thumbnail for Globality
Globality

Globality revolutionizes the way your company sources and buys services by utilizing artificial intelligence to unlock cost savings, efficiency gains, and drive remote collaboration from anywhere.

Accenture logo
Accenture

9 yrs 5 mos

Global Learning Lead - Accenture Applied Intelligence

Jul 2020 - Jan 2021 · 7 mos

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States

Applied intelligence is Accenture's unique approach to combining artificial intelligence with data, analytics, and automation under a strategic vision to scale AI and transform business - across every function and process. As the Global Learning Lead, I led a team of learning professionals with a mission to build the deep domain skills of our Applied Intelligence Network employees - roughly 18,000 people globally - and build the data driven skills across all of Accenture.… more

StrengthsCorps Ambassador

Aug 2017 - Jan 2021 · 3 yrs 6 mos

Greater Pittsburgh Region

As a member of StrengthsCorps, I coached individuals and teams to help them better understand their strengths and harness the power in using them intentionally. 

Industry Learning and Talent Development Manager

Jun 2018 - Jul 2020 · 2 yrs 2 mos

Greater Pittsburgh Region

I worked with our Communications, Media & Technology industry leaders to design and implement differentiated and high impact learning solutions to drive business outcomes. I also managed a team of learning enablement managers and specialists, with oversight over support teams including content integrators, vendor organizations, and instructional designers and developers. I focused on bringing innovative, fit-for-purpose solutions to effectively grow our talent.… more

Future of Career Counseling Workstream Lead

Nov 2017 - Jun 2018 · 8 mos

Greater Pittsburgh Region

As a part of Accenture's global Performance team, I led the design and development of our global career counselor welcome experience and the accompanying training strategy and development for career counselors and counselees. I also designed our measurement framework, leadership role modeling approach, and recognition program to evolve Accenture's talent development and strategy through career coaching and a culture of conversations.… more

Sourcing Team Manager

Oct 2015 - Oct 2017 · 2 yrs 1 mo

Greater Pittsburgh Region

I managed a team leading sourcing projects across more than 25 different clients to manage roughly 130 initiatives annually within the Corporate and Professional Services (CPS) Practice. My team supported clients on projects within the Human Resources, Marketing, Travel, and Professional Services (consulting, finance, legal, fleet) categories. I fast-tracked the development, growth, and success of the Project Sourcing team, which tripled in size over the course of my management. 

I also personally supported projects for clients, with a dedicated focus within the HR (recruiting, talent development, benefits) and consulting categories. I developed strong relationships and built credibility with client stakeholders through consistent delivery on customer expectations, skilled project management, and effective communication.… more

Sourcing Team Associate Manager

Feb 2014 - Sep 2015 · 1 yr 8 mos

Greater Philadelphia

I led our North America Project Sourcing team supporting Corporate and Professional Services projects, which involved training and developing my team members and several people managers. My team led projects within the Professional Services, HR, and Facilities spend categories, managing relationships across clients in varying industries.… more

Sourcing Specialist

Feb 2013 - Jan 2014 · 1 yr

Greater Philadelphia

I managed sourcing projects for multiple clients across industries which included gathering market and internal insights, developing and executing the most appropriate procurement strategy, analyzing the proposed pricing, negotiating business terms and contracts, and creating and presenting business cases to exceed client expectations.… more

Sourcing Senior Analyst

Sep 2011 - Feb 2013 · 1 yr 6 mos

Greater Philadelphia

I gained valuable project management experience in all phases of the sourcing process, working on Human Resources (HR) projects ranging from training development and talent strategy to recruitment and HR benefits.… more

Deloitte logo
Human Capital Consultant - Strategic Change & Communications

Deloitte

Jul 2009 - Aug 2011 · 2 yrs 2 mos

Greater Philadelphia

I was a Communications, Implementation, and Training Lead for a long-term client engagement.  Along with managing the relationships with the lead client counterparts, I also had roles ranging from implementation planning, training strategy, and strategic communications to change management, proposal development, and online help creation.

I'm hiring! Do you love building, influencing, and making a real impact? I'm looking to hire our inaugural Senior Reporting Analyst for our brand new Customer Operations function! This role will:

 - Own partner-facing analytics and reporting while building the processes for our function
- Have strong systems thinking to understand how data flows across our ecosystem and how to synthesize information from multiple sources
 - Provide high-quality reports and dashboards while establishing frameworks for scalable analytics delivery
- Lead a team of BPO analyst resources with clear workflows, handoffs, and communication protocols
 - Skilled at leveraging AI and agentic workflows to accelerate analysis, identify patterns, and automate routine reporting

If this role sounds exciting to you, please apply. And if you know someone who'd be a great fit, please point them my way!